{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\dntblnsbdb\viewkind1
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid18467\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat4\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid6334\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1\chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-360\li720\jclisttab\tx720}
{\listname ;}\listid41}
}{\*\listoverridetable
{\listoverride\listid41\listoverridecount0\ls1}
}{\stylesheet{\*\cs0 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}
}
\jexpand\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840
{\*\bkmkstart page1}{\*\bkmkend page1}
\margl1440\margr1460\margt1422\margb1440\marglsxn1440\margrsxn1460\cols1\colno1\colw9340
{
{\pard\plain \li0\ql{\f1\fs22 Signup:}\par}
}
{\pard\sl-47\slmult0\par

{\pard\plain \li0\sl298\slmult1 \ri20\nooverflow\ql\fi720 {\f1\fs22 To signup the user must first enter all required information into the text fields provided and labeled on the initial page.Note that all information must be entered for registration to complete. Then the user must navigate to their given email(must be @mun.ca) and click the link to verify the account. Now the user's account is created and active.}\par}
}
{\pard\sl-244\slmult0\par

{\pard\plain \li0\ql{\f1\fs22 Login:}\par}
}
{\pard\sl-47\slmult0\par

{\pard\plain \li0\sl353\slmult1 \ri60\nooverflow\ql\fi720 {\f1\fs21 Once the user has a valid account the initial page will allow them to sign in at the top right section of the initial page by entering their username and password into the labeled boxes.}\par}
}
{\pard\sl-190\slmult0\par

{\pard\plain \li0\ql{\f1\fs22 Navbar:}\par}
}
{\pard\sl-47\slmult0\par

{\pard\plain \li0\sl284\slmult1 \ri820\nooverflow\ql\fi720 {\f1\fs22 The nav bar is located at the top of every page other than the login/signup page. 1.The first button on the left takes the user to the profile of the signed in user.}\par}
}
{\pard\sl-1\slmult0\par

{\pard\plain \li0\sl284\slmult1 \ri4120\nooverflow\ql{\f1\fs22 2.The second button will navigate to the groups page. 3.The third to the friends page}\par}
}
{\pard\sl-1\slmult0\par
{{\listtext{\pard\plain {\f1\fs22 4. }\tab}}\pard\plain 
\f1\fs22 \qj\fi0\nowidctlpar\jclisttab\tx244\faauto\ls1\ilvl0\rin280\nooverflow\lin0\itap0 \sl284\slmult1 {\plain\f1\fs22 The fourth button will navigate to lost and found page where a map will be displayed of lost items }\par\pard\sl-1\slmult0\par
{\listtext{\pard\plain {\f1\fs22 5. }\tab}}\pard\plain 
\f1\fs22 \qj\fi-240\nowidctlpar\jclisttab\tx240\faauto\ls1\ilvl0\rin0\nooverflow\lin240\itap0 {\plain\f1\fs22 The fifth to the course poll page where a user can create polls about course }\par\pard\sl-47\slmult0\par
{\listtext{\pard\plain {\f1\fs22 6. }\tab}}\pard\plain 
\f1\fs22 \qj\fi-240\nowidctlpar\jclisttab\tx240\faauto\ls1\ilvl0\rin0\nooverflow\lin240\itap0 {\plain\f1\fs22 The sixth one will navigate to the chatroom }\par\pard\sl-47\slmult0\par
{\listtext{\pard\plain {\f1\fs22 7. }\tab}}\pard\plain 
\f1\fs22 \qj\fi-240\nowidctlpar\jclisttab\tx240\faauto\ls1\ilvl0\rin0\nooverflow\lin240\itap0 {\plain\f1\fs22 The seventh is the notification bell to alert the user of any relevant updates }\par\pard\sl-47\slmult0\par
{\listtext{\pard\plain {\f1\fs22 8. }\tab}}\pard\plain 
\f1\fs22 \qj\fi0\nowidctlpar\jclisttab\tx244\faauto\ls1\ilvl0\rin180\nooverflow\lin0\itap0 \sl326\slmult1 {\plain\f1\fs22 The final button will open a dropdown button to allow the user to navigate back to the profile or settings pages or logout }\par}
}
{\pard\sl-213\slmult0\par

{\pard\plain \li0\ql{\f1\fs22 Profile page:}\par}
}
{\pard\sl-347\slmult0\par

{\pard\plain \li0\sl295\slmult1 \ri220\nooverflow\ql{\f1\fs22 I) The my profile section located on the left of the page includes some of the given information of the profile being viewed and displays the profile picture. Clicking on the profile picture will bring up an interface where a new profile picture can be specified from the user's file system. Simply click choose file, pick one from your system file explorer and then click submit on the interface. Now the chosen image will be displayed as a profile picture.}\par}
}
{\pard\sl-245\slmult0\par

{\pard\plain \li0\sl298\slmult1 \ri140\nooverflow\ql{\f1\fs22 II) On the right side of the page there is a section split into 3 sub sections by a tab system. The first is the user's timeline where they can post an amount of text which will be displayed for all visitors and they can set permissions at the drop down menu at the bottom and then post the text with the button labeled post.}\par}
}
{\pard\sl-244\slmult0\par

{\pard\plain \li0\sl295\slmult1 \ri0\nooverflow\ql{\f1\fs22 III) The schedule section includes a button labeled add courses that allows the user to enter courses with a pop up interface. The information about the course can be enter inside this interface, which includes the name and times the course is running. Next the box located under the button will display any course enter in a day, week or month schedule.(Note the display error on initial launch fixed by clicking month button at top of the display.)}\par}
}\sect\sbkpage\sectd\pard\plain
\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840
{\*\bkmkstart page2}{\*\bkmkend page2}
\margl1440\margr1460\margt1422\margb1440\marglsxn1440\margrsxn1460\cols1\colno1\colw9340
{
{\pard\plain \li0\sl298\slmult1 \ri60\nooverflow\ql{\f1\fs22 IV) The Resume section has a button labeled choose file which will open a file browser of your local system. From here a pdf file can be selected. Once the selection is made the submit button on the right of choose file will upload the file to the page. (Note if it fails to display refresh the page)}\par}
}
{\pard\sl-244\slmult0\par

{\pard\plain \li0\ql{\f1\fs22 Group:}\par}
}
{\pard\sl-47\slmult0\par

{\pard\plain \li0\sl292\slmult1 \ri220\nooverflow\ql\fi720 {\f1\fs22 On this page your groups are displayed and can be selected by clicking in them. The search bar at the top left of the page allows the user to search for anything containing the entered text. On the right side of the page create group can be clicked which will open an interface which allow the user to create a group. From here enter the necessary information in the UI and set the permissions for the page at the drop down menu on the bottom left then press create.}\par}
}
{\pard\sl-253\slmult0\par

{\pard\plain \li0\ql{\f1\fs22 Friends page:}\par}
}
{\pard\sl-47\slmult0\par

{\pard\plain \li0\sl298\slmult1 \ri80\nooverflow\ql\fi720 {\f1\fs22 Here the user suggested friends and all friends are displayed and can be click to navigate to their profile page. There all features can be viewed and a post can be placed on the timeline. Also a similar search bar to the groups page exist where the user can search for s specific person.}\par}
}
{\pard\sl-244\slmult0\par

{\pard\plain \li0\ql{\f1\fs22 Lost and Found:}\par}
}
{\pard\sl-47\slmult0\par

{\pard\plain \li0\sl292\slmult1 \ri0\nooverflow\ql\fi720 {\f1\fs22 On the left side of this page a map (google maps) is displayed. Clicking on this map will bring up a menu where the user can enter a description, contact info and a picture(chosen from file explorer) and display that post both on the map and on the right side of the page. On the post the user who posted it, description and picture are displayed. The person who posted it can remove the post with the remove post button. Any user can press the claim item button to get the posters contact info.}\par}
}
{\pard\sl-253\slmult0\par

{\pard\plain \li0\ql{\f1\fs22 Course poll:}\par}
}
{\pard\sl-47\slmult0\par

{\pard\plain \li0\sl298\slmult1 \ri40\nooverflow\ql\fi720 {\f1\fs22 On the left of this page a poll can be made by first selecting a course, then entering the description of the poll into the text area, then options can be entered(the + button is used to add more options) then press the create button. The created poll will be placed on the right side of the page where any user can click an option on the poll and vote.}\par}
}
{\pard\sl-244\slmult0\par

{\pard\plain \li0\ql{\f1\fs22 Chatroom:}\par}
}
{\pard\sl-47\slmult0\par

{\pard\plain \li0\sl326\slmult1 \ri400\nooverflow\ql\fi720 {\f1\fs22 This page has a simple interface where the user simply enters text into the bar at the bottom and clicks send to post it. It is public and not saved.}\par}
}}